hello freak bitches and I feel like you
guys talking about slide about the
chicken is hahahaha I didn't believe it
at first I didn't believe it I'm like
someone said explain it to people who
didn't hear our other podcasts and I'll
tell me on the finals well the match
we're talking about and me and Joe
talked about this and they made a
Stewart cooper made a film on it but
otávio souza it his strategy was to not
be on his back stay on top and just kind
of maybe get a takedown late you know
cuz that's a you know that rule format
or that points format in Abu Dhabi that
that happens a lot of people were just
wrestling Russell and Russell and he
wasn't engaging and Crone is like like
just like Hickson saying he's like
Marcelo he's like he goes after it he's
gonna go hundred percent all he wants is
the submission that's grown he's a
special grappler special fighter all he
wants is the submission and otávio
wasn't really engaging and as a father
no no no not as a fan as a coach I saw
his coach as the fight progress the
guy's saying shuit I've in Portuguese
okay man that's it that's all you want
okay keep going it's perfect perfect
perfect and I see a guy just running
from the fight and making strategy which
kind of upset me completely I mean it's
nothing perfect on that in my sense and
but in this strategic aspect of his his
doing so I have to counter in somehow
and then I start to make should try to
suggest the referee he was escaping he
was tried to avoid the fight because
he's not positive points in the first 10
minutes but his negative point so I was
hoping for a negative point with dot for
this is stalling so and then I started
say have free the guy start removing
like you know he don't engage he's just
moving back like a chicken and as the
thing starts boiling I start to say hey
man this guy like a chicken and the
whole stage was this quiet watching the
fight is just this noise gonna
overwhelming everything it's like
throwing a chicken inside that any for a
GG
to competitor first of all I mean I know
you're right here but I just have to be
honest everybody says you're the
greatest ever you're the greatest
jiu-jitsu competitor of all time so
you're here the greatest jiu-jitsu
representative of all time your son is
competing this guy has to respect you
and admire you and you're goin bak the
whole crowd is listen to this mean
that's a lot of pressure on that guy
that had to get into his head yeah
because it is going because I was
suggesting the referee he needs to be
punished yeah and eventually like with
90 minutes or so he get minus points and
that's what's exactly what generates him
to say okay now I'm honey bee honey
running behind so I have to make it
happen and as we talking afterwards
we've grown come on said dad when I do
start to talking like a chicken I felt
like he won't explode I'm I don't want
to make a mistake wasting the
opportunity but I know he will coming so
I was just ready for it so we kind of
working together you know like the
father and son work was perfect he shot
right in and then he's already waited
for boys over yeah Oh home ross ice
cream so I you know weird out like most
cities it's always like the south side
is the bad sides like nothing Tampa
really yeah so he feels good in south
tampa is the best area to living really
nor Tampa's where all the rednecks live
that's where i grew up north tampa north
tampa is that all the elevated trucks
shit you got it fireworks homemade fire
one more in fireworks hunting Gators
hunting Gators when you were a kid oh
when I went out when we I'll never
forget when we went to look at our land
my dad bought like a piece of land in
North day and north florida tampa he was
like we're gonna build on it we went out
as a family to go look at it and there
are these two rednecks that had chased
this other redneck and his underwear up
on a mound in the middle of a lake and
they were shooting bb's Adam and this is
your land this is our land of my day and
this is our lake and I that land that
that little mound I wish had a picture
because it's still there be it's still
there and they had chased a boy up there
and his enemies in his underwear and my
dad was like hey everybody cut it out
that's enough than my they looked at my
dad they go we caught him fair and
square and I was like oh my god and this
is private land it's like
your land with it was a lake I was a
lake they were on there in a boat so was
a lake and the land it was an island
that was like maybe 10 feet off the
shore of where our house that's a big
legs it's a pretty big lake so yeah it's
not all yours the whole leg that is not
all ours but uh but and then the other
side of the lake was like north tampa it
was lutz it's called lutz we got in the
car that day and the radio stations
changed and i remember the song was down
town Lutz this is their intro to the
song down town Lutz kick off your boots
give a holler and hoozy hall and that
was our new neighborhood Wow Jesus
Christ why didn't your research is a
little before you fucking bought land
there no cuz I was of cheap property
efforts like so aidonia childhood
fucking no problem we hunt Gators I
think the whole state of Florida is
considered the south side of the United
States for the warning folks outside of
town but doesn't matter that don't
matter sorry the dick of the country so
when you look at like losses like that
and winds does that make you play more
conservatively and upcoming events or do
you just have to play intelligently
period and just take the losses when
they come um the place where you get
more conservative is your bankroll
management rather than your play the
play from one hand to the next is really
about you have to put the magnitude of
the numbers out of your head and try to
make the best play each time it's on you
to make a decision so are you in the
moment are u Zen are you still thinking
about that six hundred thousand dollars
at you I'm pretty good at just getting
myself into the moment on the the place
where you get more conservative is you
lose for a while you have less money
than you did before that period started
you reevaluate I have only seventy-five
percent of the money I did a few months
ago should I maybe sell seventy-five
percent of my action in this upcoming
tournament instead of fifty bras say I
say uh that that that's the way in which
you can get more conservative if you're
going through losing stretch is playful
lower state what's the biggest losing
stretch of river gone through um
in dollar amount and you period diamonds
ah let's see i'll give you ever gone
through like a couple million dollars in
a weekend arm in games where I didn't
where I had sold action didn't have all
myself uh yeah I've lost I guess my
biggest losing couple of days was on the
order of 50 million hong kong dollars
hong kong dollars which are bigger or
less rather so only like six million
euro my godson only six million u.s.
dollars and personally i had a
you